Final review and updates to meeting and faq pages (#60)
griffithlab/civic-docs: docs/about/faq.rst

Why use a crowdsourcing model for variant curation?
---------------------------------------------------

> The rapid expansion of biomedical literature presents an intractable challenge for investigators and clinicians to efficiently interpret and synthesize the complete array of knowledge available for each cancer-associated genomic variant into clinically-relevant evidence statements. Efforts to curate the clinical importance of variants have been undertaken by a diverse, but fragmented, community of individuals. Crowdsourcing leverages the resources of individuals to produce a centralized, open-sourced platform for this diverse community to discuss and share findings in their respective specialities. CIViC also serves as a platform for contributors keep up to date on recent advances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rapid expansion of biomedical literature presents an intractable challenge for investigators and clinicians to efficiently interpret and synthesize the complete array of knowledge available for each cancer-associated genomic variant into the underlying and synthesized clinically-relevant evidence. Efforts to curate the clinical importance of variants have been undertaken by a diverse, but fragmented, community of individuals. Crowdsourcing leverages the resources of individuals to produce a centralized, open-sourced platform for this diverse community to discuss and share findings in their respective specialities. CIViC also serves as a platform for contributors keep up to date on recent advances.
```

> The rapid expansion of biomedical literature presents an intractable challenge for investigators and clinicians to efficiently interpret and synthesize the complete array of knowledge available for each cancer-associated genomic variant into clinically-relevant evidence statements. Efforts to curate the clinical importance of variants have been undertaken by a diverse, but fragmented, community of individuals. Crowdsourcing leverages the resources of individuals to produce a centralized, open-sourced platform for this diverse community to discuss and share findings in their respective specialities. CIViC also serves as a platform for contributors keep up to date on recent advances.

Reviewer: I don't know what was changed here. But given our evolution to assertions....should we be focused on clinically-relevant "evidence statements". Perhaps clinically-relevant utility? Just a thought.

Author: Sure. I made another commit along these lines.

Who is CIViC designed for?
--------------------------
CIViC is intended to bring together a diverse group of individuals interested in the clinical application and advancement of cancer genomics including health professionals (oncologists, pathologists and other clinicians), researchers (cancer genome and data scientists), and patient advocates. CIViC does not provide any medical or healthcare products, services or advice, and is not for medical emergencies or urgent situations. Information contained on this website is not a substitute for a doctor's medical judgment or advice. Patients should always discuss their specific, individual health concerns with a doctor or health care professional.

What are the characteristics of an 'ideal' CIViC curator/editor?
----------------------------------------------------------------

> CIViC curatiors should express a strong interest in clinical cancer genomics. Curators should have expertise in relevant academic fields including basic cancer biology, oncology, genomics, clinical informatics, etc and ideally are training for or have already obtained a medical degree (e.g. PhD or MD). Additionally, we expect curators to be open to sharing information with the community, be respectful of other contributors, professional, truthful, ethical, and unbiased. There is sometimes pressure in academia to present one's research findings in a clinically relevant context. When CIViC evidence statements are created, the curator should conduct an objective assessment of how well the data supports any assertion of clinical relevance. All aspects of the CIViC project are open to debate and amendment, including these guidelines.

Reviewer: Should we note that Editors are required to fill out COIs here?

Author: Sounds good.

Author: added additional commit to address this

What is an Evidence Statement?
------------------------------

> An evidence statement is a brief description of the clinical relevance of a variant that has been determined by an experiment, trial, or study from a published literature source. It captures a variant's impact on clinical action, which can be predictive of therapy, correlated with prognostic outcome, inform disease diagnosis (i.e. cancer type or subtype), or predict predisposition to cancer in the first place. A single citation can be the source of multiple evidence statments, but each evidence statment has only one source. A single evidence statement should correspond to only one clinical interpretation and disease. For example, if a paper describes both predictive and prognostic relevance for a variant, two evidence statements should be created. If two publications draw the same conclusions about the clinical relevance of a variant, these should also be entered as two evidence statements.

Reviewer: We still need to consider functional here.

Author: added something to this effect

My favorite Gene/Variant is not in CIViC?!?
-------------------------------------------
The extensive manual curation required to add evidence statements means that there might not yet be an evidence statement for every variant or gene of interest. This is precisely why we need community-driven efforts to grow this database. For a gene or variant to appear in CIViC, it must have an evidence statement associated with it. To add evidence statements and begin the discussion about your gene/variant of interest, go :doc:`here <../curating>`!

May I enter unpublished results from n-of-1 observations?
---------------------------------------------------------
At this time, a publication or abstract is considered a minimum requirement for all evidence statements in CIViC. N-of-1 results from early stage clinical trials or patients treated under compassionate use doctrines are allowed, but only if a case report has been published in a peer reviewed journal. We are considering options for centers that wish to use a local instance of CIViC to capture unpublished individual patient observations. We are also considering other source types including clinical trial records, and ClinVar records.

> Why must my contributions be approved by an editor?

Reviewer: Do we need to go formal case on this? Editor?

Author: Makes sense
